docs: update chain expansion guide for bytecode deployment (#76)
circlefin/buidl-wallet-contracts: README.md

* `cast code $address`

> ## Chain Expansion Guide

Reviewer: Was this synced from the other internal repo?

Author: no this is only for public repo - we don't do chain expansion from private repo so this is not added.

> Expanding the existing smart contracts to new blockchains.

Reviewer 2: nit: use complete sentences

```suggestion
This section explains how to expand the existing smart contracts to new blockchains.
```

Author: done

### Prerequisites
#### Fund deployer and owner

> Making sure there are enough native tokens for the new chain in the deployer address (for contract deployment) and temporary owner

Reviewer 2: nit: use complete sentences
```suggestion
Make sure there are enough native tokens for the new chain in the deployer address (for contract deployment) and temporary owner
```

Author: done

address (for setup and stake). Otherwise, you may hit `insufficient fund` error at any step.

#### Add new blockchain RPC URLs to foundry
1. Add new blockchain to `[rpc_endpoints]` in foundry.toml following the format of `blockchain_a = ${BLOCKCHAIN_A_RPC_URL}`
2. Update `.env.example` with the new RPC URL env var (e.g. `BLOCKCHAIN_A_RPC_URL`), also update your local `.env` to set up the new env var (e.g. `BLOCKCHAIN_A_RPC_URL=https://blockchaina.rpc.com`).
3. Add new blockchain (e.g. `"blockchain_a"`) to `getChains()` function in `./script/bytecode-deploy/100_Constants.sol`.
4. Since the length of `getChains()` changed above, update the length of local chain list generated by `getChains()` in deployment scripts.

### Deploy & Verify UpgradableMSCAFactory and dependency smart contracts.
Deploy, setup and verify UpgradableMSCAFactory compatible with ERC-4337 v0.7 and ERC-6900 v0.7.

> #### Run deploy commands:

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that this will attempt to deploy on all chains listed in `foundry.toml`?

Author: good point, added to the change

forge script script/bytecode-deploy/103_DeployColdStorageAddressBookPlugin.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi

# Deploy WeightedWebauthnMultisigPlugin
forge script script/bytecode-deploy/104_DeployWeightedWebauthnMultisigPlugin.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi

```
#### Setup UpgradableMSCAFactory:
   
Update `chains[]` list in `105_SetUpgradableMSCAFactoryPlugins.s.sol` and `106_StakeUpgradableMSCAFactory.s.sol`. Update `stakeValue` list in `106_StakeUpgradableMSCAFactory.s.sol`. And run
```shell
forge script script/bytecode-deploy/105_SetUpgradableMSCAFactoryPlugins.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi
forge script script/bytecode-deploy/106_StakeUpgradableMSCAFactory.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi
```
#### Verify contracts on block explorers.
   
Use the json files in `script/bytecode-deploy/standard-json-input` to verify smart contracts. If the smart contract has
constructor arguments, it's recorded in `*_constructor_arg` files. Select the following options in block explorers verify contract UI:
* Compiler Type: `Solidity(Standard-Json-Input)`
* Compiler Version: `v0.8.24`
* License Type: `GNU GPLv3`

> ### Deploy & Verify EPv0.6 SponsorPaymaster

Reviewer: This should be moved to EP v0.6 branch?

Need to use block explorer to run `addStake` and `setVerifyingSigner` from owner address.

#### Verify SponsorPaymaster
   
Use `script/bytecode-deploy/standard-json-input/SponsorPaymasterEPv06.json` to verify. Select the following options 
in block explorers verify contract UI:
* Compiler Type: `Solidity(Standard-Json-Input)`
* Compiler Version: `v0.8.17`
* License Type: `GNU GPLv3`

### Deploy & Verify EPv0.7 SponsorPaymaster
Deploy, setup and verify SponsorPaymaster compatible with ERC-4337 v0.7.

#### Run deploy command
    1. Replace the placeholders and run the command in `script/cmd/DeploySponsorPaymaster`.
    2. Replace the placeholders and run the command in `script/cmd/DeploySponsorPaymasterProxy`.

#### Setup SponsorPaymaster

Need to use block explorer to run `addStake` and `setVerifyingSigner` from owner address.

#### Verify SponsorPaymaster
   Use `script/verify/SponsorPaymaster.json` and `script/verify/SponsorPaymasterProxy.json` to verify. Select the 
following options in block explorers verify contract UI:
* Compiler Type: `Solidity(Standard-Json-Input)`
* Compiler Version: `v0.8.24`
* License Type: `GNU GPLv3`

### Deploy & Verify SingleOwnerMSCAFactory

> Deploy, setup and verify SingleOwnerMSCAFactory compatible with ERC-4337 v0.6 and ERC-6900 v0.7.

Reviewer: remove `ERC-4337 v0.6`?

Author: why do we want to remove 4337 v0.6?

#### Run deploy commands:
```shell
# Deploy PluginManagerEPv06
forge script script/bytecode-deploy/108_DeployPluginManagerEPv06.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi

# Deploy SingleOwnerMSCAFactoryEPv06
forge script script/bytecode-deploy/109_DeploySingleOwnerMSCAFactoryEPv06.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi

# Deploy ColdStorageAddressBookPluginEPv06
forge script script/bytecode-deploy/110_DeployColdStorageAddressBookPluginEPv06.s.sol  -vvvv --slow --broadcast --force --multi
```

> #### Verify contracts on block explorers.

Reviewer 2: There seems to be a lot of duplication in these verification sections. What do you think about having just one section for all of them?
